Added livi, Read It Later, Dconf Editor (#315)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Imaginer](https://github.com/ImaginerApp/Imaginer) - AI image generator (DALL·E 2, Portrait Plus, Stable Diffusion, Custom Provider) interface `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Lobjur](https://github.com/ranfdev/Lobjur) - [lobste.rs](https://lobste.rs) client `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Pipeline](https://gitlab.com/schmiddi-on-mobile/pipeline) - YouTube and PeerTube client with offline subscription and playlist features `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Read It Later](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/read-it-later) - A Wallabag client that allows to save web articles and read them later `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Read It Later](https://flathub.org/apps/com.belmoussaoui.ReadItLater) - A Wallabag client that allows to save web articles and read them later `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Concessio](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.ronniedroid.concessio) - GUI to convert between numeric and symbolic Unix file permissions `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Damask](https://gitlab.gnome.org/subpop/damask) - Application that automatically sets wallpaper from a variety or sources (local folder, Wallhaven, Bing Wallpaper, NASA Astronomy, etc) `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Dconf Editor](https://apps.gnome.org/DconfEditor) - A graphical tool for editing the dconf database `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dconf Editor](https://apps.gnome.org/DconfEditor) - Graphical tool for editing the dconf database `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy`.
```
